{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14240\viewh11400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf0 http://www.freecontactform.com/email_form.php\
\
\
Create a new html file - HTML5 doctype. \
\
Name it contactform.html . Change the title of the page to Contact Form Example. Copy the following code in the body tags. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 <form name="contactform" method="post" action="send_form_email.php">\
<table width="450px">\
<tr>\
 <td valign="top">\
  <label for="first_name">First Name *</label>\
 </td>\
 <td valign="top">\
  <input  type="text" name="first_name" maxlength="50" size="30">\
 </td>\
</tr>\
<tr>\
 <td valign="top"">\
  <label for="last_name">Last Name *</label>\
 </td>\
 <td valign="top">\
  <input  type="text" name="last_name" maxlength="50" size="30">\
 </td>\
</tr>\
<tr>\
 <td valign="top">\
  <label for="email">Email Address *</label>\
 </td>\
 <td valign="top">\
  <input  type="text" name="email" maxlength="80" size="30">\
 </td>\
</tr>\
<tr>\
 <td valign="top">\
  <label for="telephone">Telephone Number</label>\
 </td>\
 <td valign="top">\
  <input  type="text" name="telephone" maxlength="30" size="30">\
 </td>\
</tr>\
<tr>\
 <td valign="top">\
  <label for="comments">Comments *</label>\
 </td>\
 <td valign="top">\
  <textarea  name="comments" maxlength="1000" cols="25" rows="6"></textarea>\
 </td>\
</tr>\
<tr>\
 <td colspan="2" style="text-align:center">\
  <input type="submit" value="Submit">   <a href="http://www.freecontactform.com/email_form.php">Email Form</a>\
 </td>\
</tr>\
</table>\
</form>\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Point out the different text types. There is text field, text area - which is larger, and submit. You could go to Insert - Form and insert other types of buttons or form elements, but then you would have to update the php for it work. \cf2 \
\
\cf0 Create a new HTML 5 PHP document. Name it send_form_email.php. Copy and paste the following code in that page. Replace all of the code currently on the page. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
<?php\
if(isset($_POST['email'])) \{\
     \
    // EDIT THE 2 LINES BELOW AS REQUIRED\
    $email_to = "jessa.wilcoxen@gmail.com";\
    $email_subject = "Email from your website's contact form";\
     \
     \
    function died($error) \{\
        // your error code can go here\
        echo "We are very sorry, but there were error(s) found with the form you submitted. ";\
        echo "These errors appear below.<br /><br />";\
        echo $error."<br /><br />";\
        echo "Please go back and fix these errors.<br /><br />";\
        die();\
    \}\
     \
    // validation expected data exists\
    if(!isset($_POST['first_name']) ||\
        !isset($_POST['last_name']) ||\
        !isset($_POST['email']) ||\
        !isset($_POST['telephone']) ||\
        !isset($_POST['comments'])) \{\
        died('We are sorry, but there appears to be a problem with the form you submitted.');      \
    \}\
     \
    $first_name = $_POST['first_name']; // required\
    $last_name = $_POST['last_name']; // required\
    $email_from = $_POST['email']; // required\
    $telephone = $_POST['telephone']; // not required\
    $comments = $_POST['comments']; // required\
     \
    $error_message = "";\
    $email_exp = '/^[A-Za-z0-9._%-]+@[A-Za-z0-9.-]+\\.[A-Za-z]\{2,4\}$/';\
  if(!preg_match($email_exp,$email_from)) \{\
    $error_message .= 'The Email Address you entered does not appear to be valid.<br />';\
  \}\
    $string_exp = "/^[A-Za-z .'-]+$/";\
  if(!preg_match($string_exp,$first_name)) \{\
    $error_message .= 'The First Name you entered does not appear to be valid.<br />';\
  \}\
  if(!preg_match($string_exp,$last_name)) \{\
    $error_message .= 'The Last Name you entered does not appear to be valid.<br />';\
  \}\
  if(strlen($comments) < 2) \{\
    $error_message .= 'The Comments you entered do not appear to be valid.<br />';\
  \}\
  if(strlen($error_message) > 0) \{\
    died($error_message);\
  \}\
    $email_message = "Form details below.\\n\\n";\
     \
    function clean_string($string) \{\
      $bad = array("content-type","bcc:","to:","cc:","href");\
      return str_replace($bad,"",$string);\
    \}\
     \
    $email_message .= "First Name: ".clean_string($first_name)."\\n";\
    $email_message .= "Last Name: ".clean_string($last_name)."\\n";\
    $email_message .= "Email: ".clean_string($email_from)."\\n";\
    $email_message .= "Telephone: ".clean_string($telephone)."\\n";\
    $email_message .= "Comments: ".clean_string($comments)."\\n";\
     \
     \
// create email headers\
$headers = 'From: '.$email_from."\\r\\n".\
'Reply-To: '.$email_from."\\r\\n" .\
'X-Mailer: PHP/' . phpversion();\
@mail($email_to, $email_subject, $email_message, $headers); \
?>\
 \
<!-- include your own success html here -->\
 \
Thank you for contacting us. We will be in touch with you very soon.\
 \
<?php\
\}\
?>\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Change the email address here to yours and change the email subject to something that makes sense to you. \cf2     \
$email_to = "jessa.wilcoxen@gmail.com";\
    $email_subject = "Email from your website's contact form";\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Upload the entire folder to the server. Navigate to the contactform.html page and fill out the form. Go to your email to see if arrives. It may take awhile. 
\b Check your spam folder for it. \

\b0 \
This form is really basic. 
\f0  For great form tutorials check out http://smashinghub.com/html5-web-forms-tutorials.htm\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
}